Marcus is Lucille's older brother, and he is an anhedoniac. 
Dude does not feel pleasure. He doesn't remember the last time he was happy. Every day of his life is like chewing through stale cardboard. 
He's not an emo, though he does naturally have black hair. He has seven copies of the same green polo shirt, and three pairs of tan jeans, which he alternates out daily, always dressing exactly the same, except in the summer when he trades his tan jeans out for tan shorts. 
During the day his activity patterns include reading books on philosophy, and re-watching shows from the 50s that he's way too young to be watching. He's watched the original Star Trek seven times through so far. 
Lucille gets a lot of her thoughts and ideas from him. Her interest in science comes from her big brother waxing poetic about Stephen Hawking. He doesn't do it with much enthuse, but the ideas captivated little Lucille. 
For money he works as a cashier at a VHS sale and rental store in the corner of the dying mall in town. Customers don't really come in to rent VHS anymore, and not many come in to *buy* VHS either, but that's what he does. 
He also thinks about how much he wants to kill himself. He thinks about that *a lot*. The only thing that keeps him from doing it is a belief that he's trapped in an eternal cycle of reincarnation and that killing himself will solve none of his problems and only make his next life slightly shittier. He got that idea from his eastern philosophy books, and he's pretty sure that it's true. 
Lucille kinda tries to help him. She really cares about Marcus, and it makes her sad to see him act the way he does. It makes the whole family sad, but they can't really do anything to change how he feels. He goes to therapy, not because he wants to, but because he's been asked to and to him there is equal reason to stay home or go out. Lucille doesn't have a car as their family is not wealthy, so sometimes Marcus will drive her around when she needs to get about. For instance: he drove Lana and Lucille to and from the winter homecoming dance. 
I dunno if anyone wants to do anything with this sad useless guy but he exists just so you know xD